README.md, before:

# 🏎️ Tyre Rewards App

A comprehensive rewards system inspired by Starbucks, designed for automotive service centers. Users earn "tyres" for every pound spent and can redeem them for discounts and services.

## 📱 Project Structure

```
reward_autopic/
├── 📱 Mobile App (React Native/Expo)
│   ├── App.tsx                    # Main app entry point
│   ├── reward-app/src/
│   │   ├── components/            # Reusable UI components
│   │   │   ├── BalanceWidget.tsx  # Main tyre balance display
│   │   │   ├── Button.tsx         # Custom button component
│   │   │   ├── EarningFeed.tsx    # Transaction history feed
│   │   │   └── Input.tsx          # Form input component
│   │   ├── navigation/            # App navigation
│   │   │   └── AppNavigator.tsx   # Tab & stack navigation
│   │   ├── screens/               # App screens
│   │   │   ├── OnboardingScreen.tsx  # Multi-step wizard
│   │   │   ├── LoginScreen.tsx       # User authentication
│   │   │   ├── HomeScreen.tsx        # Balance + activity feed
│   │   │   ├── RewardsScreen.tsx     # Redemption tiers
│   │   │   ├── ChatScreen.tsx        # Support interface
│   │   │   └── ProfileScreen.tsx     # User profile + calculator
│   │   ├── services/              # API & data services
│   │   │   └── supabase.ts        # Database service (Phase 1: mock data)
│   │   ├── styles/                # Design system
│   │   │   └── theme.ts           # Starbucks-inspired colors & typography
│   │   ├── types/                 # TypeScript definitions
│   │   │   └── index.ts           # App-wide type definitions
│   │   └── utils/                 # Helper functions
│   │       └── tyreCalculator.ts  # Core business logic
│   ├── package.json               # Mobile dependencies
│   ├── app.json                   # Expo configuration
│   ├── babel.config.js            # Babel setup
│   └── tsconfig.json              # TypeScript config
│
├── 💻 Admin Panel (Next.js)
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── app/
│   │   │   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout with navigation
│   │   │   ├── page.tsx           # Dashboard with tabs
│   │   │   └── globals.css        # Global styles
│   │   └── components/
│   │       ├── UserList.tsx       # User management & tyre adjustment
│   │       ├── ConversationList.tsx # Support chat interface
│   │       └── Analytics.tsx      # Business metrics & insights
│   ├── package.json               # Admin dependencies
│   ├── tailwind.config.js         # Tailwind CSS setup
│   ├── next.config.js             # Next.js configuration
│   └── tsconfig.json              # TypeScript config
│
├── 📋 Documentation
│   ├── CLAUDE.md                  # Development guidelines
│   ├── REQUIREMENTS.md            # Project specifications
│   ├── USER_FLOW.md               # User journey (placeholder)
│   └── README.md                  # This file
```

## 🎯 Core Features

### 📱 Mobile App Features
- **🔐 Authentication**: Smooth onboarding with wizard flow
- **🏎️ Tyre Balance**: Real-time balance widget with progress tracking
- **📊 Activity Feed**: Transaction history with instant gratification
- **🎁 Rewards System**: 5-tier redemption system (5, 10, 15, 25, 50 tyres)
- **💬 Support Chat**: Placeholder for future live chat integration
- **👤 Profile Management**: Calculator demo and user settings
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Mobile-first with Starbucks-inspired UI

### 💻 Admin Panel Features
- **👥 User Management**: View users, adjust tyre balances, track activity
- **💬 Support Dashboard**: Handle conversations, quick actions, response tracking
- **📈 Analytics**: Business metrics, user trends, performance insights
- **⚡ Quick Actions**: Schedule services, add tyres, apply discounts

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### 🎨 Design System
- **Colors**: Starbucks green palette (#00704A primary, #D4AF37 accent)
- **Typography**: System fonts with responsive scaling
- **Components**: Reusable, accessible UI components
- **Layout**: Mobile-first responsive design

### 🧮 Business Logic
- **1 Tyre = £1 Spent**: Simple 1:1 ratio for earning
- **5 Tyre Minimum**: Required for redemption
- **Never Expire**: Tyres never lose value
- **Tier System**: Progressive rewards at 5, 10, 15, 25, 50 tyres

### 🗄️ Data Structure
```typescript
User: {
  id, email, name, carRegistration, 
  tyres, notificationsEnabled, createdAt
}

TyreTransaction: {
  id, userId, amount, type (earned/redeemed), 
  description, createdAt
}

RedemptionTiers: [
  { tyres: 5, description: "£5 off service" },
  { tyres: 10, description: "£12 off + free check" },
  // ... more tiers
]
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 📱 Mobile App Development
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start Expo development server
npm start

# Run on specific platform
npm run ios
npm run android
npm run web
```

### 💻 Admin Panel Development
```bash
# Navigate to admin panel
cd admin-panel

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 🔧 Phase 1 Implementation

### ✅ Completed
- **Mobile App Structure**: Full React Native/Expo setup
- **Authentication Flow**: Onboarding wizard + login
- **Core UI Components**: Balance widget, earning feed, navigation
- **Business Logic**: Tyre calculator with all redemption tiers
- **Admin Panel**: User management, chat interface, analytics
- **Design System**: Starbucks-inspired theme implementation

### 🔄 Phase 2 (Next Steps)
- **Supabase Integration**: Replace mock data with real database
- **Live Chat**: Implement real-time messaging
- **Push Notifications**: User engagement and updates
- **Testing**: Unit tests and integration testing
- **Deployment**: App store submission and web hosting

## 🛡️ Security & Compliance

### 🔒 Security Measures
- **Input Validation**: All forms validated with Yup schemas
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation
- **Auth Flow**: Secure authentication with Supabase
- **Rate Limiting**: Admin functions protected

### 📋 GDPR Compliance
- **Privacy Notice**: Clear data collection explanation
- **Data Retention**: Car registration and personal data policies
- **User Rights**: Export and delete functionality planned
- **Lawful Basis**: Legitimate business interest for rewards

## 📊 Analytics & Monitoring

### 📈 Key Metrics
- **User Engagement**: Daily/monthly active users
- **Tyre Economy**: Earning vs. redemption rates
- **Support Quality**: Response times and satisfaction
- **Business Impact**: Revenue attribution to rewards program

### 🎯 Success Metrics
- **26.2% Redemption Rate**: Healthy engagement
- **78.5% User Retention**: Strong loyalty
- **4.7/5 Satisfaction**: Excellent customer experience
- **2.3h Response Time**: Fast support resolution

## 🤝 Contributing

This project follows the autonomous development style outlined in `CLAUDE.md`:
- **Complete Implementations**: Production-ready code, not prototypes
- **Modern Best Practices**: Latest TypeScript, React patterns
- **Security First**: Input validation, error handling
- **Mobile Responsive**: Touch-optimized, accessible design

## 📄 License

Private project for automotive service rewards system.

---

🏎️ **Ready to earn your first tyre?** Start the mobile app and begin the onboarding journey!

Commit message:

runs, very basic features using expo and x code

README.md, after:

# 🏎️ Tyre Rewards App

A comprehensive rewards system inspired by Starbucks, designed for automotive service centers. Users earn "tyres" for every pound spent and can redeem them for discounts and services.

## 📱 Project Structure

```
reward_autopic/
├── 📱 Mobile App (React Native/Expo)
│   ├── App.tsx                    # Main app entry point
│   ├── reward-app/src/
│   │   ├── components/            # Reusable UI components
│   │   │   ├── BalanceWidget.tsx  # Main tyre balance display
│   │   │   ├── Button.tsx         # Custom button component
│   │   │   ├── EarningFeed.tsx    # Transaction history feed
│   │   │   └── Input.tsx          # Form input component
│   │   ├── navigation/            # App navigation
│   │   │   └── AppNavigator.tsx   # Tab & stack navigation
│   │   ├── screens/               # App screens
│   │   │   ├── OnboardingScreen.tsx  # Multi-step wizard
│   │   │   ├── LoginScreen.tsx       # User authentication
│   │   │   ├── HomeScreen.tsx        # Balance + activity feed
│   │   │   ├── RewardsScreen.tsx     # Redemption tiers
│   │   │   ├── ChatScreen.tsx        # Support interface
│   │   │   └── ProfileScreen.tsx     # User profile + calculator
│   │   ├── services/              # API & data services
│   │   │   └── supabase.ts        # Database service (Phase 1: mock data)
│   │   ├── styles/                # Design system
│   │   │   └── theme.ts           # Starbucks-inspired colors & typography
│   │   ├── types/                 # TypeScript definitions
│   │   │   └── index.ts           # App-wide type definitions
│   │   └── utils/                 # Helper functions
│   │       └── tyreCalculator.ts  # Core business logic
│   ├── package.json               # Mobile dependencies
│   ├── app.json                   # Expo configuration
│   ├── babel.config.js            # Babel setup
│   └── tsconfig.json              # TypeScript config
│
├── 💻 Admin Panel (Next.js)
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── app/
│   │   │   ├── layout.tsx         # Root layout with navigation
│   │   │   ├── page.tsx           # Dashboard with tabs
│   │   │   └── globals.css        # Global styles
│   │   └── components/
│   │       ├── UserList.tsx       # User management & tyre adjustment
│   │       ├── ConversationList.tsx # Support chat interface
│   │       └── Analytics.tsx      # Business metrics & insights
│   ├── package.json               # Admin dependencies
│   ├── tailwind.config.js         # Tailwind CSS setup
│   ├── next.config.js             # Next.js configuration
│   └── tsconfig.json              # TypeScript config
│
├── 📋 Documentation
│   ├── CLAUDE.md                  # Development guidelines
│   ├── REQUIREMENTS.md            # Project specifications
│   ├── USER_FLOW.md               # User journey (placeholder)
│   └── README.md                  # This file
```

## 🎯 Core Features

### 📱 Mobile App Features
- **🔐 Authentication**: Smooth onboarding with wizard flow
- **🏎️ Tyre Balance**: Real-time balance widget with progress tracking
- **📊 Activity Feed**: Transaction history with instant gratification
- **🎁 Rewards System**: 5-tier redemption system (5, 10, 15, 25, 50 tyres)
- **💬 Support Chat**: Placeholder for future live chat integration
- **👤 Profile Management**: Calculator demo and user settings
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Mobile-first with Starbucks-inspired UI

### 💻 Admin Panel Features
- **👥 User Management**: View users, adjust tyre balances, track activity
- **💬 Support Dashboard**: Handle conversations, quick actions, response tracking
- **📈 Analytics**: Business metrics, user trends, performance insights
- **⚡ Quick Actions**: Schedule services, add tyres, apply discounts

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### 🎨 Design System
- **Colors**: Starbucks green palette (#00704A primary, #D4AF37 accent)
- **Typography**: System fonts with responsive scaling
- **Components**: Reusable, accessible UI components
- **Layout**: Mobile-first responsive design

### 🧮 Business Logic
- **1 Tyre = £1 Spent**: Simple 1:1 ratio for earning
- **5 Tyre Minimum**: Required for redemption
- **Never Expire**: Tyres never lose value
- **Tier System**: Progressive rewards at 5, 10, 15, 25, 50 tyres

### 🗄️ Data Structure
```typescript
User: {
  id, email, name, carRegistration, 
  tyres, notificationsEnabled, createdAt
}

TyreTransaction: {
  id, userId, amount, type (earned/redeemed), 
  description, createdAt
}

RedemptionTiers: [
  { tyres: 5, description: "£5 off service" },
  { tyres: 10, description: "£12 off + free check" },
  // ... more tiers
]
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 📱 Mobile App Development

#### Using Expo CLI (Recommended for Development)
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start Expo development server
npm start

# Run on specific platform
npx expo run:ios
npx expo run:android
npx expo run:web
```

#### Using Xcode (iOS Development)
For iOS development and debugging, you can also run the app directly in Xcode:

```bash
# 1. Install iOS dependencies (CocoaPods)
cd ios
pod install

# 2. Open the workspace in Xcode
open TyreRewards.xcworkspace
```

**Xcode Setup Steps:**
1. **Open the workspace**: Always open `TyreRewards.xcworkspace` (not the .xcodeproj file)
2. **Select target**: Choose "TyreRewards" as the target scheme
3. **Select simulator**: Choose your preferred iOS simulator (iPhone 15, iPhone 14, etc.)
4. **Build and run**: Press `Cmd + R` or click the play button

**Important Notes:**
- The workspace file (`TyreRewards.xcworkspace`) includes all CocoaPods dependencies
- Make sure you have Xcode 15+ installed for React Native compatibility
- If you encounter build issues, try cleaning the build folder (`Cmd + Shift + K`)
- For device testing, ensure your Apple Developer account is configured in Xcode

### 💻 Admin Panel Development
```bash
# Navigate to admin panel
cd admin-panel


# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 🔧 Phase 1 Implementation

### ✅ Completed
- **Mobile App Structure**: Full React Native/Expo setup
- **Authentication Flow**: Onboarding wizard + login
- **Core UI Components**: Balance widget, earning feed, navigation
- **Business Logic**: Tyre calculator with all redemption tiers
- **Admin Panel**: User management, chat interface, analytics
- **Design System**: Starbucks-inspired theme implementation

### 🔄 Phase 2 (Next Steps)
- **Supabase Integration**: Replace mock data with real database
- **Live Chat**: Implement real-time messaging
- **Push Notifications**: User engagement and updates
- **Testing**: Unit tests and integration testing
- **Deployment**: App store submission and web hosting

## 🛡️ Security & Compliance

### 🔒 Security Measures
- **Input Validation**: All forms validated with Yup schemas
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation
- **Auth Flow**: Secure authentication with Supabase
- **Rate Limiting**: Admin functions protected

### 📋 GDPR Compliance
- **Privacy Notice**: Clear data collection explanation
- **Data Retention**: Car registration and personal data policies
- **User Rights**: Export and delete functionality planned
- **Lawful Basis**: Legitimate business interest for rewards

## 📊 Analytics & Monitoring

### 📈 Key Metrics
- **User Engagement**: Daily/monthly active users
- **Tyre Economy**: Earning vs. redemption rates
- **Support Quality**: Response times and satisfaction
- **Business Impact**: Revenue attribution to rewards program

### 🎯 Success Metrics
- **26.2% Redemption Rate**: Healthy engagement
- **78.5% User Retention**: Strong loyalty
- **4.7/5 Satisfaction**: Excellent customer experience
- **2.3h Response Time**: Fast support resolution

## 🤝 Contributing

This project follows the autonomous development style outlined in `CLAUDE.md`:
- **Complete Implementations**: Production-ready code, not prototypes
- **Modern Best Practices**: Latest TypeScript, React patterns
- **Security First**: Input validation, error handling
- **Mobile Responsive**: Touch-optimized, accessible design

## 📄 License

Private project for automotive service rewards system.

---

🏎️ **Ready to earn your first tyre?** Start the mobile app and begin the onboarding journey!
